8277204: Implement PAC-RET branch protection on Linux/AArch64 (#6334)
openjdk/jdk: doc/building.md

If you do not have access to sufficiently powerful hardware, it is also
possible to use [cross-compiling](#cross-compiling).

#### Branch Protection

In order to use Branch Protection features in the VM, `--enable-branch-protection`

> must be provided. This requires compiler support (GCC 9.1.0+ or Clang 10+). The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
must be used. This option requires C++ compiler support (GCC 9.1.0+ or Clang 10+). The
```

resulting build can be run on both machines with and without support for branch

> protection in hardware. This is only supported for Linux targets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
protection in hardware. Branch Protection is only supported for Linux targets.
```
